SEOImages: User Story 1463880, Part 27 (#11384)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/winforms/controls/bindingnavigator-control-overview-windows-forms.md

## How the BindingNavigator Works  

>  The <xref:System.Windows.Forms.BindingNavigator> control is composed of a <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ToolStrip> with a series of <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ToolStripItem> objects for most of the common data-related actions: adding data, deleting data, and navigating through data. By default, the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.BindingNavigator> control contains these standard buttons. The following screen shot shows the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.BindingNavigator> control on a form.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

 The <xref:System.Windows.Forms.BindingNavigator> control is composed of a <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ToolStrip> with a series of <xref:System.Windows.Forms.ToolStripItem> objects for most of the common data-related actions: adding data, deleting data, and navigating through data. By default, the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.BindingNavigator> control contains these standard buttons. The following screenshot shows the <xref:System.Windows.Forms.BindingNavigator> control on a form:
```

>  ![Screenshot showing the BindingNavigator Control.](./media/bindingnavigator-control-overview-windows-forms/bindingnavigator-control-form.gif)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ![Screenshot showing the BindingNavigator control.](./media/bindingnavigator-control-overview-windows-forms/bindingnavigator-control-form.gif)  
```
